.\" Author: Julien Lemoine <speedblue@debian.org>
.\"
.\" This is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify it under the
.\" terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\" FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
.\" the Debian GNU/Linux system; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation,
.\" Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA

.TH "XCHM" 1 "August 2006" "" ""

.SH NAME
xchm \- Compiled HTML Help (CHM) file viewer for X.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B xchm
.RI [\| OPTIONS \|]
.RI [\| FILE \|]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B xchm
is a viewer for Compiled HTML Help (CHM) files. It, can show the contents tree
if one is available, print the current page and do the usual history stunts. It
allows you to change fonts and search for text in all the pages of the file, or
in the pages' titles.

xchm does not handle Javascript in the book.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -c, --contextid=<num>
context-Id to open in file, requires that a file be specified.
.TP
.B -h, --help
displays help message and exit.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR Homepage:
 <https://github.com/rzvncj/xCHM>

.SH AUTHOR
Razvan Cojocaru <rzvncj@gmail.com>
.PP
This manual page was written by Julien Lemoine <speedblue@debian.org> and
reformatted by Kartik Mistry <kartik.mistry@gmail.com> for the \fBDebian\fP
system (but may be used by others).
